Community restructure (#723)
iota-wiki/iota-wiki: internal/learn/the-community/social-media.md

[IOTA Foundation LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/iotafoundation/)

> ## Twitch

Author: I need to add Twitch text, my bad

> ## Twitch

Author: Twitch added

> On Twitch our Developer Experience expert Kumar Anirudha codes Decentralised applications, talks about programming and products. Please bear in mind that this is a technical stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Twitch, our Developer Experience expert Kumar Anirudha codes Decentralised applications, and talks about programming and products. Please bear in mind that this is a technical stream.
```

[IOTADev](https://www.twitch.tv/iotadev/)

## Security Disclaimer

> Please be always cautious on Social Media. Only the sites linked here are officially supported channels and should be used to engage with the IOTA Foundation. A lot of scammers on social media will declare to be official representatives of the project, but we advise you to be very cautious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be always cautious on Social Media. Only the sites linked here are officially supported channels and should be used to engage with the IOTA Foundation. Many scammers on social media will declare to be official representatives of the project, but we advise you to be very cautious.
```
